This application was built during the google launchpad Athens 2013 event. It is a reputation platform.

Looking forward to see the winning teams of SpeakerZen, SponsorBoat and processus.io thrive in the execution of their startup idea :)

There are several known issues and corners cut to build this demo in little over 24 hours and that's why we called it an AMVP. A for Absolutely. It works nevertheless.

Link to the presentation for anyone interested:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ouUh8zrAojPbAh3BzKv0xihVwMNBRIVFHKT9hy6rwmM/pub?start=false&loop=false&delayms=3000





Some auto generated rails-apps documentation. Mostly describes the libraries used in this Ruby on Rails App.


h1. Unirepu

This application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :apps4=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"webrick", :prod_webserver=>"unicorn", :database=>"sqlite", :templates=>"erb", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"rspec-capybara", :continuous_testing=>"guard", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"sass", :email=>"gmail", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"invitable", :authorization=>"none", :form_builder=>"none", :starter_app=>"users_app", :rvmrc=>true, :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 4.0.0


h2. Database

This application uses SQLite with ActiveRecord.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: ERB
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Form Builder: None
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: None

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Gmail account.
